I edit right yeah all right my meeting
flight of my quadcopter finally here we
go quad holy brightness
yeah we're not on will not go until I on
the kk board the light will go on all
right here we go guys
I thought
okay he's awesome
it's like a bug like a plug I want to
hit the tree ones because they all love
you
I current peace
haha that's good baby
hey kicks ass man
quite nice
don't want to turn around yet I think it
is too dark for so here are gonna like
haha I wish I all the room in the world
if the tree
so cool I love this thing i do I really
want to see my favorite boy
all groups
something
it goes to the left yeah goes to the
left I gotta pick some criminal in here
you can see all right
there we go
bring it
maybe backe a little
I don't forward a little more it is cold
out
back a little
buoyed by self let's let it hit the
charger who cares about the charger
right
I think got Howard do i'm not even going
full throttle if they want to go this is
it the kk blackboard with the 4.7 virgin
all right that's it can't really flying
around here dark and side to side this
is nice it is a nice
got for tnpsc s with 1100 kv motors
bring it down later guys